						NAME : CHINTAMANENI HARSHA VARDHAN
                        		        UTA ID : 1002158493
						UTA Net ID : hxc8493
Title: Bayesian Network

Note: Do not use Omega. (It might not be compatible)


Progarmming Language Used: Python 
		  version: python3

Code Structure:
	 I Used a Single Python file name Task_2_bnet.py that has implementation of finding probability of an event from bayesian network using Variable Elimination.

Execution of the program:
	The code must be run on command line as follows:
	1) To find probability: 
	   Task_2_bnet.py Bt Af given Mf
	2) Events are must and it must be in above format of not exactly the same event.
    3) Burglary = True as Bt. Here first item is variable of event and second item is its truth value.

	Note:-  
	->After recieving the arguments the code executes through relevent execution and 	   
	  returns a warning message if it did not find the given arguments to be relevent 	   
          for the execution.


Libraries used:
	1) sys  : It is a standard library that comes with python. It provides various 			  
		      functions and variables that are used to manipulate different parts of python runtime environment.


Working of code:
	->standard version:
                         1) After recieving arguments from commandline they are stired in two different arrays.
                         2) The first array is used to store the events and the second array is used to store the evidence or condition.
                         3) Now the first array is passed to true_false fumction to store or get true or false of variable.
                         4) This stored values are sent to variable_elimination to find any missing events and provide with their missing combinations.
                         5) Later all the combinations are calculated and summed. The same happens with the second array of evidence if exists.
                         6) The final result is printed when prob of first array/ prob of second array.

Note: If in case the code did not execute then please use vs code.I used VS code to build my code. While running on terminal you need to go to the folder where my files are saved. Then mention the python version and then you must give your arguments.
eg: E:\AI> python3 Task_2_bnet.py Bt Af given Mf
eg: E:\AI> python3 Task_2_bnet.py Bt Af Mf Jt Et





 

